Vladimir Suteev
who said meow
the puppy was sleeping on a rug near the couch
suddenly in his sleep, he heard someone
said
meow
looked head
who is absent
and then someone said again
and who is there and jumped the puppy ran all
the room looked under the bed under the table
nobody got on the windowsill and saw
rooster walks in the yard
watt who didn't let me sleep puppy thought
and ran into the yard to the rooster
and you said meal of asked puppy
cock I say cock flapped his wings
and shouted
have measles kul
and the more you can not say anything
asked puppy
no, just crowed
said cock
the puppy scratched his back paw behind the ear and
went home
suddenly someone on the porch again
said
moo
This is what the puppy said to himself and quickly started
pour under the porch with all four paws
when he dug a big hole from there
jumped out
gray little mouse did you say meow
strictly asked his puppy
zip
sean ok and who said so
someone said umala close
worried little mouse gave reason to eat
Alabai puppy said very near
not scary pee pee pee
recorded a little mouse and slipped under the porch
the puppy thought suddenly about the dog
kennels someone said loudly
the puppy has run around the kennel three times but
found no one
suddenly in the kennel someone stirred
so he told himself a puppy now I'm him
I'll catch it crept closer and suddenly it
ran towards
huge shaggy dog
the dog growled
those. and I wanted to know
it's in oh they said
meow
puppy pulling tail
i am you laughing
the puppy rushed into the garden and
hid there under a bush
and then right over his ear someone again
said meow puppy looked out from under the bush
sat in front of him on a flower
shaggy bee
that's who said meow puppy thought and wanted
grab her teeth with a buzz
offended bee and hurts when it hurts
stung the puppy in the tip of the nose choke screamed
and the bee ran after him flying and buzzing
sting
ran the puppy to the pond and into the water
when he emerged the bee was gone
and here again someone said
and
it said crumpled asked could the puppy
fish that swam past him
the fish said nothing waved its tail
and disappeared into the depths of the pond
while the 22 frog laughed sitting on
lily leaf
don't you know who the fish are
say can be said is that you umyal
the puppy asked the qua-kva frog to laugh
frog clutch you guru in gri
toys only two how lags
and jumped into the water
the puppy came home wet and swollen
nose
sad lay down on his rug
and suddenly heard a puppy jumped up in front of him
a fluffy striped cat was sitting
said the cat barked puppy
then he remembered how a shaggy dog ​​growled
and growled myself
that bent hissed
for snorting
and jumped out the window
the puppy returned to his mat and lay down
sleep
he now knew who said meow